good evening good found live on the scagliotti channel I have 5 5 black arrow
it is 9 pm a few minutes back like every Thursday laib
the appointment with black on white hobby advance immediately the 52nd episode from
when there is television the 29th season so I occasionally avoid myself
I gladly stop and owe the particular beers that are found there
interval hours and said an important historical experience and provides copying
details we mentioned
of countries
I said Germans from the Chinese because they are maybe a little more I do a
but we hope there are some emerging countries in the beer world
as in wine we have seen at vinitaly type
but there are certainly emerging countries like Italy
because Italy is currently saying it's big on the pitch
quality at all quality
these are the lament of all these
small chills these microbreweries I know almost 150 lately then numbers
have arrived
more or less water euro
it's nice to hear all this
effervescence all this interest
and which then corresponds to the great curiosity of the public
because the public is responding a way
that's so surprising
but here is what he meant or wanted to do with this I allow myself to
to complete what I had told, I started to tell
in Europe there are 3 cultural CPs, ie IP braids
which they produce
these 300i
all three of them make a blonde beer, but all three produce it
a different way from the other
I refer to the Anglo-Saxon cepu
to that baby don't have you seen at that
Teutonic
all the countries that come from the network or tonic are all there recently
from that former area we say so
Habsburg now
bho imagine that these three produce a blonde blonde child girl reads if
we didn't have the opportunity to have our table over
or you can do the house yourself
oh the next time that
andre t a little
pears and try 3 blond beers an English lagher one instead veridiana
and another German will feel that she survives completely different
this says a lot because
why the
the cultural world that all that can be modeled is not
only
made of marks
of brains famous more or less but it is also made of so much passion
of people who have been carrying on for centuries and centuries
certain traditions
here is our company wants to make synthesis wants
carry on this project that talks about viral strains and their styles
brewers
a style
and something that
reminds the world of wine of the famous native vines
they are the ones that are produced in certain specific areas
ancient dream.
in the three from the inside of the 300 p as in wine we can find different
forms of autoxy beers
and here we recognize
for everyone
they can certainly understand in the Saxon cie porno
a typical style
that belongs to him that nobody is ever true
He was
that remain
Irish stop
or the hey you from the classic beer
the old saying that it was produced and that it is still produced
in England
if then you call me the Belgian stock we immediately see the abbey beers
pistils
with the sub-style the Trappist one
or the blanc
if instead we come to the other chapeau
green we immediately recognize another style that is the one of the spies I have
pils or even skis
they are produced exclusively in the area
colony
your company
he did this because I told him now my own shoes
it's nice to see our market
she rightly asked me a very interesting cerreto question
there are emerging countries, there are certainly emerging countries
the world
consumer interest and curiosity
no way of beer now and transverse
our great fortune is to have ears
open the antennas always well explained
and to hear evaluate to see attend
exhibitions
and attend
moments in which you are
find the many beer lovers
and we discover that among us there are people who come from an auditor
in Europe
download of the world
I wanted to close by saying.
that
thanks all this great interest for the first time in Italy
the next 11 12 and 13 imp will be for May
in Milan there will be the first
qbr festival ie milan via the festival
it says a lot it is true gravy to which level we are arriving
says it all because
only rentals in london there is a shadow a demonstration that
the let's say and queen
on the biro festival and that is the jb via ferretto british beer festival
well in Milan for the first time in Italy
we are witnessing a phenomenon, we are waiting to see a demonstration in
3 days is estimated 100,000 people
that is, I believe
dr usually
his beard
this last curiosity